[VIDECO-7846] Added Experience Composer Insights Sample Code (#52)
opentok/insights-dashboard-sample: README.md

}
```

### Experience Composer Usage Data

#### Query to Insights API (Sample)

> ##### This query will return the daily total minutes that `experienceComposer` publishes to a video session (independent of an archiver or broadcast composer), `experienceComposerArchive` publishes to a video session connected to an archiver, and `experienceComposerBroadcast` publishes to a video session connected to a broadcast composer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### This query returns the daily total minutes that [Experience Composer](https://tokbox.com/developer/guides/experience-composer) publishes to a video session (independent of an archiver or broadcast composer), Experience Composer publishes to a video session being archived, and Experience Composer publishes to a video session being sent to a live-streaming broadcast:
```

```
{

>   project(projectId: ${apiKey}) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  project(projectId: ${YOUR_API_KEY}) {
```
Let's follow the same pattern as other examples. Makes it easier to understand and follow.

    projectData(
      start: ${moment(startDate)},
      end: ${moment(endDate)},
      interval: DAILY
    ) {
      resources {
        intervalStart,
        intervalEnd,
        usage {
          experienceComposer,
          experienceComposerArchive,

>           experienceComposerBroadcast

Reviewer 2: units of usage?

Author: Just updated to 'total minutes'
